Updated monitor_status.md to include a case for low frequency metrics (#8861)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/monitor_status.md

* The monitor is newly created and has not evaluated yet.
* The monitor's query was recently changed.

> * The monitor's timeframe is too small for a metric that provides data at low frequencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The monitor's timeframe is too short for a metric that provides data infrequently.
```
